# Terms of Service

The Kelepool Service Agreement (hereinafter referred to as “the Agreement”) is the relevant rights and obligations stipulated by you and the Company regarding the relevant services of Kelepool Mining Pool. If you wish to access and use the Kelepool Mining Pool and accept the services provided on this website, you should carefully read the entire contents of this Agreement. If you do not agree to this Agreement and/or the Company's modification or supplement at all times, you shall abandon registration, stop using or proactively cancel the services provided by the Company. By accessing and/or using this website or any other expression or implied expression of acceptance of this Agreement, you accept and agree to all the terms and conditions of this Agreement. This Agreement creates legal effect between you and the Company and becomes a legal document binding on both parties. As the operator of the Kelepool Mining Pool (www.kelepool.com), the Company provides services to you under this Agreement. Considering the continuous development and evolution of the property and content of Internet information services, you agree that the Company will have the right to modify the terms of this Agreement and to post the revised Agreement online, through the communication tools provided at the time of registration, or any other reasonable way to notify you. You agree to be responsible to review the latest Agreements timely. After modifications, if you do not agree to the latest Agreement, you should abandon registration, stop using or voluntarily cancel the services provided by the Company. If you continue to use the services provided by the Company, you will be deemed to accept and agree to the entire content of the latest Agreement.

1. Service Content 1.1 The Company uses its own system, through the Internet and other means to provide you with digital currency mining pool and other services/products that may be added based on this site. 1.2 You must prepare the following equipment and bear the following expenses: (1)Internet access equipment, including but not limited to computers or other Internet terminals, modems and other Internet access devices; (2)Internet access expenses, including but not limited to network access fees, Internet equipment rental fees, mobile phone traffic charges, etc.; (3) mining equipment, including but not limited to mining machine procurement fees, power purchase fees, network access fees, power loss fees. 1.3 For the registration information provided by you, you agree to: (1) provide legal, true, accurate and detailed personal information; (2) update your information in time if there is any change. If the registration information provided is illegal, untrue, inaccurate or incomplete, you shall bear the corresponding responsibility and consequences, and the Company reserves the right to terminate the services.
2. Service provision, modification and termination 2.1 While accepting various services of the Company, you agree to accept various information services provided by the Company. You here authorize the Company or other related parties to send business information to your emails, mobile phones, mailing addresses, etc. You hereby authorize the Company or other related parties to send hashrate, promotions and other commercial information via email, SMS, telephone and web communication tools. 2.2 While accepting various services of the Company, you agree to accept various value-added services, including but not limited to merged mining. You here authorize the Company to be fully responsible for disposal and distribution of the profit from such value-added services. 2.3 The Company reserves the right to modify or interrupt the service at any time without informing you and without liability to you or any third party not directly related. 2.4 If you disagree with the modification of this Agreement or is dissatisfied with the services of the Company, you may exercise the following rights: (1) Stop using web services of the Company; (2) Inform the Company to stop services through customer service and other channels. Upon termination of the service, your right to use the Company's web services immediately terminates. In this case, the Company is not obliged to transmit any unprocessed information or unfinished services to you or any third party that is not directly involved.
3. User personal information protection The Company places great emphasis on the protection of user's personal information (that is, information that can be used to identify user's identity independently or in combination with other information). When you use the services provided by the Company, you agree that the Company will collect, store, use, disclose and protect your personal information in accordance with its published privacy policy. The Company hopes to clearly introduce the way it handles user's personal information through the privacy policy. Therefore, the Company recommends that you to read the privacy policy entirely to better protect privacy. You agree to read, understand and accept this privacy policy as an integral part of this Agreement.
4. User qualifications and rights 4.1 Users shall have full civil capacity or may not have full civil capacity but with the consent of his legal representative and his legal representative to register and/or accept the services provided by the Company. Unless there is evidence to the contrary, the user's acceptance of the services provided by the Company will be deemed to be the user's statement of civil capacity. Otherwise, the user should not accept the services provided by the Company. The Company also has the right to refuse to provide services when it is aware of the situation. The Company has the right to stop the services that have already occurred. The user (or his guardian) shall bear legal responsibility and consequences for his or her civil activities beyond the scope of his or her capacity for civil conduct. 4.2 User's username, password and security
5. You have the right to choose whether to become a member of the Company. If you choose to become a registered user of the Company, you can create a sub-account name, set and modify the observer name, and set the mining machine number. Relevant naming and use shall comply with relevant laws and regulations and be ethical, and shall not contain any insults, threats, obscenities, defamation and others that infringe on the legitimate rights and interests of others.
6. Once you have successfully registered and become a member of the Company, you will get the login account and password, and be responsible for all activities and events that occur after logging in to the system with this account and password, and bear all the legal liability caused directly or indirectly by behavior, words and so on by using this account.
7. You are obliged to properly keep the account and password of the Company, and you will be fully responsible for the account and password security. Any legal consequences resulting from the disclosure of an account or password due to user reasons are the responsibility of the user.
8. You are obliged to properly keep the Company account number, password, secondary authentication tool, mobile phone dynamic password, mobile phone number bound to the account, and the check code sent from the Company to you and all information and equipment related to the Company. If you replace, suspend or terminate the use of the above information and/or equipment, or lose or leak the aforementioned information and/or equipment, you shall promptly notify the Company and contact the Company in time for unbinding, alteration or cancellation to reduce the losses that may occur. Whether or not the Company has been notified, the loss caused by the above reasons shall be borne by the user.
9. If the password is lost, you can reset the password by registering the email address. Users registered with the mobile phone number can reset the password by mobile phone number. You should immediately inform the Company if you find any illegal use of the account or other security breaches. 4.3 The user has the right to modify the modifiable information in his personal account and decide whether to provide the content of the non-required fields. 4.4 The user has the right to join the Company community and publish opinions or remarks that comply with national laws and regulations and comply with the rules of the Company community. 4.5 The user has the right to download and install the Company mobile phone client and use its functions. 4.6 The user has the right to enjoy other types of services provided by the Company according to the website of the Company.
10. User Obligations
11. Users may not maliciously register an account of Kelepool website by any methods, including but not limited to multiple account registration for profit, speculation, cashing, and award. Users should not steal another user's account. If the user violates the above provisions, we have the right to directly take all necessary measures, including but not limited to deleting the content posted by the user, suspending or sealing up the user's account, canceling the benefits derived from the violation, and even prosecuting the user's legal liability through litigation.
12. It is forbidden for users to use Kelepool in any form as a place, platform or medium for engaging in various illegal activities. Users may not engage in any commercial activities in the name of the Site without our authorization or permission, nor may they use Kelepool as a place, platform or medium for commercial activities in any form.
13. International use 6.1 The user knows and understands the characteristic of the Internet is without borders, and agrees to comply with all areas of Internet service-related areas including but not limited to the use of services, networks, etc. (including service providers, user locations, etc.) in respect of their use on the Company not limited to laws and regulations regarding constrained output technology and data transmission. 6.2 Your use of the Company services and the site is subject to international export controls and economic sanctions requirements. By mining, sending, trading or storing digital currency through the site or the Company services, you agree that you will comply with those requirements. You are not permitted to mine digital currency or use any of the Company services through the site if:
14. you are in, under the control of, or a national or resident of Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Sudan, or Syria or any other country subject to United States embargo, UN sanctions, the European Union or HM Treasury's financial sanctions regimes (each a "Sanctioned Country"), or if you are a person on the economic sanctions lists as published from time to time by applicable authorities (including, but not limited to the Office of Financial Sanctions Implementation (part of HM Treasury), the U.S. Commerce Department's Denied Persons List, Unverified List, or Entity List, or the EU financial sanctions regime) (a "Sanctioned Person"); or
15. you intend to supply any digital currency mining services or the Company services to a Sanctioned Country (or a national or resident of a Sanctioned Country) or Sanctioned Person.
16. Link to other sites The Company website may contain links to other independent third-party websites ("Linked Websites"). These linked sites are provided only to facilitate visitors. These linked websites are not under the control of the Company and do not accept or assume any responsibility for the contents, including any information or materials of such linked websites. The user should be solely responsible for determining the interaction with such linked websites.
17. Disclaimer 8.1 The services provided by the Company are only provided according to the current situation. The service involves services such as the Internet and mobile communications, which may be affected by unstable factors in various links. Therefore, the service may be resulting in delays, interruptions or terminations of the service subject to force majeure, including but not limited to natural disasters, telecom operator regulation, computer viruses, hacking, strikes, riots, government actions, etc. These risks may affect the timeliness, security, accuracy, etc. of the Company's services on users, which may result in users not being able to send and receive messages, the mining machine cannot send and receive data or transmit error messages, or personal timeliness and storage errors or other problems for which the Company will be exempted from liability to the maximum extent permitted by laws and regulations. 8.2 The Company shall not be liable within the scope permitted by law if the above-mentioned force majeure or other reasons beyond the control of the Company cause the Company operation system to collapse or fail to use normally, resulting in loss of mining revenue. However, the Company will assist in dealing with the aftermath as much as possible and strive to protect users from economic losses. 8.3 Based on the particularity of the Internet, the information displayed on the webpage of this website may have some lag or error, and the user knows and understands the situation. For any information or content displayed on this website, users must identify the authenticity and prevent the risk. 8.4 Unless the Company is clearly agreed in writing, the accuracy, completeness and reliability of any content information provided by the Company to the user obtained from the website in any way, including but not limited to including, via, connecting or downloading from the website, including but not limited to advertising are not guaranteed; the Company is not responsible for any products, services, information or materials purchased or obtained by users due to the content information on this website. The user is solely responsible for the risks associated with the use of the information on this website. 8.5 For all notices sent to the user, the Company will deliver through the official page announcement, station letter, email, customer service phone, mobile phone text message or regular mail. Any activity or information such as winnings, concessions, etc. obtained by the non-formal channels of the Company shall not be legally liable.
18. Applicable Law and Referee Venue 9.1 You acknowledge and agree that, before filing any dispute or claim, you will contact us through support@kelepool.io to solve the dispute in an informal way where we will try to solve the relevant dispute internally as soon as possible; The Parties agree to negotiate and solve any dispute in good faith (such negotiation shall be confidential and protected under applicable rules, and will not be used as evidences in any proceeding). 9.2 Disputes between users and super communities should first be resolved through consultation based on the principle of good faith. If the negotiation fails, the Parties shall submit the Dispute to Singapore International Arbitration Center. The arbitration shall take place in Singapore and apply to applicable laws determined under the SIAC Rules of Arbitration. The arbitration shall be conducted in English. The arbitrator shall, regardless of the method of arbitration, issue a reasonable written decision to explain the arbitration award, its basic conclusion and the conclusion (if any). The arbitration award shall be final and binding upon the Parties, and may be enforced by any court of competent jurisdiction.
19. Separability If any provision of this Agreement is deemed to be unlawful, invalid or unenforceable for any reason, such provision shall be deemed dividable and shall not affect the legal effect of any other provision.
20. Conflict selection This Agreement is an important legal document between the Company and the user registered as a Company user, using the Company service. This Agreement shall prevail if any other written or verbal meaning of the Company or the user is inconsistent with this Agreement.
21. Improvement and modification of the terms of service 12.1 The contents of this service Agreement include the text of the Agreement and various rules that have been published on the Company website or may be released in the future. All rules are an integral part of the Agreement and have the same legal effect as the body of the Agreement. 12.2 The Company can improve and modify the contents of this service Agreement from time to time according to the development of the Internet industry, changes in business forms and the updating of relevant laws and regulations of the country where the Company is registered. When users use the Company service, it is necessary to carefully read and re-confirm the contents of the latest service Agreement. The user who continuing to use the services provided by the Company is deemed to agree and willing to abide by the latest service Agreement content.
